feat(codecs): Support GELF chunking for encoding (#23728)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/event_finalizer_error_udp.fix.md

> Dropped events are now handled when there is an error encoding `udp` and `unix` socket datagrams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there is an error encoding `udp` and `unix` socket datagrams, the event status is now updated correctly to indicate an error. 
```
